{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy Policy
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Hangdogger
\f1\b0  
\f2\i Last updated: June 9, 2026
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Overview
\f1\b0 \
Charles Lang ("I," "me," or "my") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how I handle information in connection with your use of Hangdogger (the "App").\

\f0\b No Data Collection
\f1\b0 \
I do not collect, store, transmit, or share any personal information or usage data. Specifically:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not collect your name, email address, phone number, or any other identifying information.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not track your location.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not use analytics tools or third-party tracking services.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not use cookies or similar tracking technologies.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not sell your personal information to any third party, and no data is collected or shared.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 All processing performed by the App occurs entirely on your device. Nothing is sent to external servers or any external service.\

\f0\b California Privacy Rights (CalOPPA & CCPA)
\f1\b0 \
In accordance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), I confirm that Hangdogger does not collect personal information through the App. In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), I do not sell personal information. Because no personal data is collected, there is no data to access, delete, or transfer. California residents who have questions or concerns are welcome to contact me directly using the information below.\

\f0\b Children's Privacy
\f1\b0 \
Because I do not collect any data, the App is safe for users of all ages. I do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.\

\f0\b Third-Party Services
\f1\b0 \
The App does not integrate with any third-party services that collect data on my behalf. If the App is downloaded through a platform such as the Apple App Store or Google Play, please note that those platforms have their own privacy policies governing their collection of data related to your use of their stores.\

\f0\b Changes to This Policy
\f1\b0 \
I may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If I do, I will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this page. Continued use of the App after any changes constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy.\

\f0\b Contact
\f1\b0 \
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:\
Charles Lang\
charles.francis.lang@gmail.com \
Mountain View, CA\
}